good friends today I will teach you how
try an oil pressure powder in
our vehicle we always have the
witnesses who tell us about the
operation condition of our
vehicle these witnesses are understood to
connect the switch some understand
momentarily and others stay
on until the engine starts to
work these little lights or witnesses like
they want to call
they light to indicate that the
system is working correctly or
the alert system is in
good performance if any of these
witnesses does not turn on is indicating us
that there is some problem with some sensor
some bulb or some electric harness
has been disconnected in the case of
volkswagen sedan of new indicators
of oil pressure and the system
load as we can see in the video
the oil pressure indicator no no
is working what is it tells us
that we have some problem that can
because the bulb is fused
that the cable has been disconnected from
oil pressure bulb or that the bulo
of oil pressure no longer serves right now
what we are going to do a test to
I return from oil pressure to
check if it's working or no longer
it serves
good friends, we already have here
our oil pressure group is
find down the distributor as
we can see stools
the cable is connected so
we can say that it is not the problem is
Now what we are going to do is proceed
to do a test to check if the
bulb is working and what are we going to
do is disconnect the cable
and we're going to land it to a part of
earth of the engine I in this I am going to
put in this good part well since
We have the cable counted ashore
hostile 'is this calm only for
hold the small cable and this alligator
is from a test lamp or from a
current tester nothing else what
use to
to put cable that does not move anymore
a good contact with earth now as
you proceed to learn the suites and if the
foquito comes to learn that means
that what serves us is the bulb of
oil pressure and it turns on means
that the bulb is good, good that
we are inside the vehicle and we are going to
learn to proceed to turn on the switch
and if the foquito learns it means that
our oil pressure bulb no longer
it serves
as we can observe and learned that
means that what serves us is the
oil pressure bulb
in case the little bit had
On means that our groups
of oil pressure if it is working
correctly
so now what are we going to proceed to
make is the change of our
Oil pressure play is very easy
to change it I'm going to use a key
of this type this measure 15-16 only
loosen it take it out put the new and
connect it that's all very simple in
installation
Well, here we already have both
oil pressure eggs this be the
used the one that no longer serves what we get
and this is the new one that we're going to
proceed to climb
have only been urged at the time of
tighten only with such the cable that
we have
now we only proceed to connect
the wire
has placed this little
goals to protect them from water and
cosmos
and now if it's already ready, suppose
that now you have to turn on the
the witness let's proceed to do the
test
ah
as we can see and lit now to
turn on the engine is the witness you have
what to turn off so that it shows us that it's
working correctly